Add a default order prop in List Fields (#4518)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/List.md

```
{% endraw %}

### Specify Sort Order

> By default, a column is sorted by the `ASC` order. You can use `DESC` via the `sortByOrder` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when the user clicks on a column header, the list becomes sorted in the ascending order. You change this behavior by setting the `sortByOrder` prop to `"DESC"`:
```

> {% raw %}

Reviewer: no need for this since the code snippet doesn't contain any double mustache
